Housekeeping: update runtimes and readme (#142)
finiam/phoenix_starter: README.md

# PhoenixStarter

To start your Phoenix app:
  * Install dependencies and setup database with `bin/setup`
  * Start Phoenix and webpack with `bin/server`

To test and lint your app you can also do:
  * `bin/test` to run the Phoenix test suite
  * `bin/lint` to lint CSS, Javascript and Elixir code
  * `bin/ci` to replicate the CI pipeline, which runs all of the above.

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

Ready to run in production? Please [check our deployment guides](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/deployment.html).

## Diferences to the classic template

> `phx new` does a great job of a bootstrapping an Phoenix app for you, but we usually run things a little diference. This template has a few differences, mostly on the frontend side of things. We run all of our frontend code at the root of the project, mainly due to IDE and code editors limitations, that expect linters and configs to be at the root of the project. We also setup React which has been our SPA of choice nowadays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`phx new` does a great job of a bootstrapping a Phoenix app for you, but we usually run things a little different. This template has a few differences, mostly on the frontend side of things. We run all of our frontend code at the root of the project, mainly due to IDE and code editors limitations, that expect linters and configs to be at the root of the project. We also setup React which has been our SPA of choice nowadays.
```
